January the 1st is the most delusional
day of the year. New year, new me, new
standards, and new boundaries. As if the
calendar just deleted your whole
personality file and trauma history
overnight. And suddenly it's pilateses
at 6:00 a.m. journaling, cold plunge, no
dusty man, no tolerance, and you tell
yourself, "One more disrespect and I'm
gone. One more lie and I leave
immediately. This year I choose myself."
And I love that for you truly. But let's
be honest, January confidence is not
real confidence. It's seasonal. And by
February, your motivation clocks out.
Your routine lasted 11 days. Your
boundaries exactly one argument. And the
man you swore you were done with not
that bad anymore. Now, here is what most
people don't understand. The reason why
men I barely know kiss the ground I'm
walking on, cover my bills, and shower
me with gifts is not because I woke up
on January 1st and suddenly discovered
selfrespect. No, it's because I choose
it every single day. If it doesn't bring
me peace, beauty, or money, it has no
access in my life. Boundaries are not
proven on January the 1st. They are
proven when you feel lonely, tired,
bored, and nobody is watching. So, no, I
don't care about your vision board. I
care about what happens when the
motivation disappears. Because girl, the
glow up is not aesthetic. It's behavior.
If you do not change the patterns, you
will just be the same woman with a
prettier plan and a different font. And
that part conveniently never makes it to
the vision board. Now, if you're tired
of repeating the same year with
different makeup, I got you. That's why
I created my guides. One to stop
settling for dusty men. Another one to
actually glow up and look like the queen
you are. Remember, motivation will fade,
but guidance stays. If that offended
you, good. You know where to start.
Happy New Year.